Dora came to the RSPCA on the start of
July someone had fired an arrow at her
and it had pretty much embedded into a
shoulder and had pretty much gone past
her spine between the two bones stick
outside of the spine and was rubbing
against the other side of her shoulder
blade so we attended to Dora by doing an
ultrasound because we heard that she was
pregnant and so we determined that that
little fetuses were still beating away
and I'm very excited and lots of hands
up in the air and everything else and
then we did some x-rays to see exactly
where the arrow was and from there we
were able to determine that the arrow
hadn't punctured into her lungs or a
heart he was actually skimming just off
the top of her spine and we decided to
go into surgery recovery was amazing it
was just pretty much standing straight
after the surgery and just recently she
gave birth unfortunately one of little
bubs was a bit sick and so we elected to
take him away from knowing full well
that she might reject him and send him
off to the Bethany teaching hospital
over in Camden he was careful they're
given antibiotics and care overnight and
he was brought back here he was doing
really well and he's now in foster care
with one of our shelter staff mum is
nice and comfortable and we're just
waiting for time until we can adopt them
out
what we're doing here today is picking
up three goats two of them of these
little guys CEO Diego and boots and
their mum Dora and we're taking them out
to our farm where they can join with our
other goats and have a a nice lifestyle
I suppose we have two properties and
this one is west of Sydney
it's a vineyard plus goats plus Black
Angus cattle it's 400 acres and it's in
one of the most beautiful places in the
Blue Mountains it's Peter
my husband that has been the driver
behind this he just saw the story about
Dora and her friend I really feel I need
to do something he just saw her and you
fell in love with her and felt really
perturbed at what had happened to her so
he was really kind of clean - yeah
helped out but being here at the shelter
for the last two weeks have really
started to form a bond again for which
they did have it birth who they are a
few of us down here especially the girls
that work here all stays was an also guy
one of the victor here you love story
comes down every day Shen's popcorn got
a little party yesterday a farewell for
us a young cook definitely miss her
Peter and gals are taking on three goats
and we know we'll both get in the great
you